Store layer visibility of annotations per user (#9626)
scalableminds/webknossos: unreleased_changes/9626.md

### Changed

> - The view configuration of a user of an annotation is now stored user-wise. Thus, if the owner disables a layer in a shared editable annotation, this does not transfer over to other users which have already seen the annotation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The view configuration of an annotation is now stored per user (instead of per annotation). Thus, if the owner disables a layer in a shared editable annotation, this does not transfer over to other users which have already seen the annotation. 
```
